Update the engine to 1.1.13 version (#10439)
ihhub/fheroes2: changelog.txt

version 1.1.13 (21 December 2025)
- add several missing letters for the CP-1251 code page
- improve the usefulness of certain battle spells by AI
- fix several iOS-related issues and bring the iOS build into a playable state
- improve road network and verify object placement immediately for the random map generator
- set starting hero and player information for RMG maps
- update the Hungarian translation
- show a dialog when there are no items to select to avoid a crash after pressing OK in the empty list
- reduce overall RAM usage by the engine
- speed up the CRC32 algorithm to improve translation file loading times

> - fix an assertion on the original corrupted maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix an assertion issue with original corrupted maps
```

- add UI screen to configure random map generator
- make Terrain and Erase brushes to support drag-to-draw functionality
- add missing popups for the second hero control in Battle Only mode

> - display Traveller's Tent and Barrier colors for popups in the Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- display Traveller's Tent and Barrier colors in popups in the Editor
```

- avoid using Shield spell by AI when no effect is applied
- add compilation steps documentation for iOS
- significantly reduce RAM usage by the Editor when doing actions
- show map type explicitly, as icons are too small to differentiate for some players
- make an interactive area for each building in the Castle window to consist of multiple rectangles
- fully render the FPS text on the screen on every frame render call
- make AI to use the Earthquake spell in battles
- speed up several button generation
- truncate text within the Monster Info dialog to avoid incorrect rendering
- truncate building names for building image within the Castle window to avoid incorrect rendering
- do not show troop counter for being summoned elemental
- implement Teleport spell usage by AI
- improve random map generator consistency and treasure distribution
- update the Swedish translation
- speed up the AI pathfinder algorithm
- update the Belarusian translation
- fix "E" with 2 dots letter for CP-1250 small font
- do not react to world scroll keys when scrolling is disabled
- fix status bar flickering in the main Castle Window when switching castles

> - move Adventure Map view area to the center of a map in hot-seat mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- move the Adventure Map view area to the center of the map in hot-seat mode
```
